Added support for user define custom actions (#125)
pokey/cursorless-talon: docs/public-api.md

> # Cursorless public API

Reviewer: I would be tempted to add this one as a section to customization.md as well, because it is also a form of customization. If you prefer it as its own file, I'd at least leave a pointer to it somewhere in customization.md for discoverability

Author: done

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Cursorless exposes a couple talon actions and captures that you can use to define your own custom command grammar leveraging cursorless targets.

```

## Public Talon captures
* `<user.cursorless_target>`    

>     Represents a cursorless target. This target can be a single mark, multiple marks or a range.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Represents a cursorless target, such as `"air"`, `"this"`, `"air past bat"`, `"air and bat"`, `"funk air past token bat and class cap"`, etc
```

## Public Talon actions
* `user.cursorless_command(action_id: str, target: cursorless_target)`    
    Perform a Cursorless command on the given target    
    eg: `user.cursorless_command("setSelection", cursorless_target)`
* `user.cursorless_vscode_command(command_id: str, target: cursorless_target)`    
    Performs a VSCode command on the given target    
    eg: `user.cursorless_vscode_command("editor.action.addCommentLine", cursorless_target)`

## Example of combining capture and action
```talon

> select <user.cursorless_target>:
>     user.cursorless_command("setSelection", cursorless_target)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
add dock string <user.cursorless_target>:
    user.cursorless_command("editNewLineAfter", cursorless_target)
    "\"\"\"\"\"\""
    key(left:3)
```

> comment <user.cursorless_target>:
>     user.cursorless_vscode_command("editor.action.addCommentLine", cursorless_target)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
push <user.cursorless_target> down:
    user.cursorless_vscode_command("editor.action.moveLinesDownAction", cursorless_target)
```
